Section 3 - Useful Links and Resources

Series tutorial from pandas website
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/user_guide/10min.html#object-creation

Series documentation
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.Series.html

Documentation for sum method
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.Series.sum.html#pandas.Series.sum

Documentation for product method
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.Series.product.html#pandas.Series.product

Documentation for mean method
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.Series.mean.html#pandas.Series.mean

Documentation with list of attributes
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.Series.html

Series documentation for constructor
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.Series.html

Documentation for pandas.read_csv function
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.read_csv.html

Documentation for head method
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.Series.head.html#pandas.Series.head

Documentation for tail method
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.Series.tail.html#pandas.Series.tail

Documentation for sort_values method
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.Series.sort_values.html#pandas.Series.sort_values

Documentation for sort_index method
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.Series.sort_index.html#pandas.Series.sort_index

pandas tutorial on selection by position in series
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/user_guide/indexing.html#selection-by-position

Documentation for get method
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.Series.get.html#pandas.Series.get

Documentation for copy method
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.Series.copy.html#pandas.Series.copy

Documentation for mul method
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.Series.mul.html#pandas.Series.mul

Documentation for sum method
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.Series.sum.html#pandas.Series.sum

Documentation for sub method
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.Series.sub.html#pandas.Series.sub

Documentation for median method
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.Series.median.html#pandas.Series.median

Documentation for mode method
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.Series.mode.html#pandas.Series.mode

Documentation for max method
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.Series.max.html#pandas.Series.max

Documentation for min method
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.Series.min.html#pandas.Series.min

Documentation for value_counts method
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.Series.value_counts.html#pandas.Series.value_counts

Documentation for apply method
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.Series.apply.html#pandas.Series.apply

Documentation for map method
https://pandas.pydata.org/docs/reference/api/pandas.Series.map.html#pandas.Series.map
